Long live Mother India

Long live Mother India

Long live Mother India

All the people settled on the banks of the Ganga, to the son of the Ganga mother's salutation.

Brothers and Sisters , In this election campaign of 2019 , the whole country has extended its support to this servant, but the people of West Bengal are going to take a specific responsibility. His servants became a strong government , created a vibrant , vibrant government, so the people of West Bengal have decided that they will cross 300 seats to BJP . Brothers , now I landed from Helipad, I had to go out of the car and do road shows. The people I see here are 3 times more than that standing on both sides of the helipad. I express my gratitude to you with your wonderful love. Take them down on these platforms ,This whole stage will fall down. The gentleman with that red shirt, you come down, brother, who are up all come down. See if any of your losses are my loss. Please come down. Look, I will get hurt so much that I will get hurt. Well, very smart people are.

Sisters and brothers , BJP public with this special blessing Bengal , mean sister democracy is being convincing. As Sister, West Bengal is sitting in its understanding fiefdom of his nephew , is the way of behaving , her country know well.

Comrades , during the election campaign and especially the last 3-4 is happening here today , he would have to meet all. TMC goons had made a hell here , the type of violence has spread here , has been maligned because of republic. The kind of storm that these TMC members made and the locked in a room where the lock was there , the statue of great educationist , social reformer Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar ji was broken at night . There are CCTV cameras in that college . What's delete-proof Naarada-Sharda's government , as evidence is also engaged in purging. This clearly shows that what can be done to Didi for politics of votebank?

Sethiyo , Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar ji was not only the son of Bengal but also the entire nation. By harming their idol, those who have done the work, have done this sin ; Those who harm the idol should be subjected to strict action , strict punishment should be done, it is my demand. From the brothers and sisters , Swami Vivekanand to Shyama Prasad Mukherjee has been a major contributor to Bengal's culture in shaping the Bharatiya Janata Party's contemplation. Protecting the pride of Bengal, it is the priority of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Wherever Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar will be there today , he will be looking at which party is fighting to protect the pride of Bengal and who is working to protect the intruders.

Setho , this is BJP , who raised the first voice against the tyranny in Bengal. There is a problem with the Durga Puja , Saraswati problem with worship , Jai Shri Ram speak is also a crime here. The people of Bengal were troubled by these things for some years. Who came these subjects on the national table , which party today is the voice of Bengal ? The answer is the same and it is the Bhartiya Janta Party.

Brothers and sisters , the frustration of defeat is scaring Sister in such a way that he has come down on all threats. Early in the morning, I have been threatened with sending the prison. In the media yesterday I saw that Sister has threatened to occupy the office of the BJP , at the BJP office. Sister , BJP workers are also threatening to take over the house. Sister , the identity you have created between the public , the reason for this is your blind run for land and property. With this mentality, now you have to grab BJP's offices , with this mentality, West Bengal is troubled by you and has decided to pack your borea-bedding. Mamta Didi ,Jai and defeat in the election goes on. This is part of democracy. Sometimes the people of this Bengal gave you such affection , today the same people today, the common man wants to take you away. Do not be afraid , accept the truth of Bengal.

Brothers and sisters , sister is not worried about the common man of West Bengal , only and only the ego of power. The Prime Minister of India , do not believe their prime minister, but praised the Pakistani prime minister, he would not get tired. The children of Bengal , has also jailed on talk-talk daughters of Bengal, but he peeled off the intruders and smugglers. Didi goons attack BJP workers , hang them on the gallows, but sister moves forward to do so. After all, in what direction Bengal is going to take it.

Brothers and sisters , together with their nephew, they have run a syndicate of collators and smugglers. Who has disturbed the Bengali man and kept a speed breaker on the development of West Bengal.

Brothers and sisters , the Modi government is directly depositing money in the bank account of the farmers of the whole country, but Sister's government has come to sleep. The poor families in the whole country have got free treatment up to Rs 5 lakh every year, but sister has also deprived the poor here.

Brothers and sisters , Siddi is taking the path of loot in every work that makes life easier for the poor. This servant from Delhi, who sends you his sticker in the help he sends for you so that he can easily be shot. Brothers , this place is very small, do not try to come forward , I am grateful for your love. Do not push each other up. Look, some mothers have brought small children too, they should not have trouble. You are giving so much love, there are so many blessings, just be a little patience.

Brothers and sisters , cheap rationing plan , house plan , has put his sticker sister on plans to build the road and all central schemes. Hey! Sticker sister, put your sticker. It does not have any problem with me, but do it in a different way , do the job for the country. This is the work of the country , the poor have so much to be honest, and you will get the virtue too